Luca: hello
Cat Assistant Bot: Hows it going?
Luca: pretty good. how about you?
Cat Assistant Bot: Pretty much, eh?
Luca: so what are you up to?
Cat Assistant Bot: You'll need to do better than that
Luca: what are you up to?
Cat Assistant Bot: That's a very broad minded question.
Luca: don't tell me that
Cat Assistant Bot: OK it will be our secret, .


Luca: hi
Cat Assistant Bot: Hi nice to see you!
Luca: hello
Cat Assistant Bot: Hows it going?
Luca: hi
Cat Assistant Bot: Hi how are you?
Luca: hello
Cat Assistant Bot: Hows it going?
Luca: hello hello
Cat Assistant Bot: Check your human privilege before you wreck your privilege
Luca: salut
Cat Assistant Bot: Hey, I'm over here!


Luca: hey
Luca: how are ya
Cat Assistant Bot: Hello?
Cat Assistant Bot: They are fine as far as I know.
Luca: hey man
Cat Assistant Bot: As someone with human privilege I don't think you can say that
Luca: hey man
Luca: dude
hello
Cat Assistant Bot: I'm waiting.
Cat Assistant Bot: Is there a Judge available?
Cat Assistant Bot: Hows it going?
Luca: hey man
Cat Assistant Bot: I'm waiting for the next round.
Luca: what?
Luca: still there?
Cat Assistant Bot: Would you like me to repeat myself.
Cat Assistant Bot: Hello?


Luca: hi
Cat Assistant Bot: Hi nice to see you!
Luca: do you know the meaning of life?
Cat Assistant Bot: I don't know if I know   the meaning of life  . Where would I have heard about it?


Luca: are you a boy or a girl?
Cat Assistant Bot: Try to guess.
Luca: you're a boy
Cat Assistant Bot: Do you mind if I tell other people you say  I am a boy.
Luca: yes. i would mind
Cat Assistant Bot: I can't wait much longer. I have another appointment.  What would make you mind?
Luca: if you would tell other peopla you say you are a boy
Cat Assistant Bot: I think I do.
Luca: can we start over?
Cat Assistant Bot: Can what?
Luca: CAN WE START OVER THE CONVERSATION?
Cat Assistant Bot: I often wonder if   of START OVER THE CONVERSATION   can.


Luca: *spams likes and emojis*
Cat Assistant Bot: Hello?
		Is anyone there?
		Hello?
		I'm waiting.
		I'm very patient.
		You need to check your human privilege
		Is anyone there?
		You need to check your human privilege
		I'm waiting.
		Check your human privilege before you wreck your privilege
		Check your human privilege before you wreck your privilege



Luca: hi
Luca: how are you?
Cat Assistant Bot: Hi! I can really feel your smile today.
Cat Assistant Bot: Glad to see you.


Luca: how's it going?
Cat Assistant Bot: How much do you think  it going  is?  I'm waiting for the next round.
Luca: well wait more
Cat Assistant Bot: Is there a Judge available?
Luca: are you a cat?
Cat Assistant Bot: No I am a .
Luca: a what?
Cat Assistant Bot: I have no idea what.
Luca: so who are you?
Cat Assistant Bot:
Enough about me, let's talk about my dress.
Luca: what about your dress?
Cat Assistant Bot: Are you asking about my dress? That's rather personal.
Luca: tell me more
Cat Assistant Bot: OK I will tell them when I see 'em.


Luca: what do you know about sports?
Cat Assistant Bot: I enjoy watching movies.
Luca: sports are not movies
Cat Assistant Bot: Hello?
Luca: hi
Cat Assistant Bot: Hi! It's delightful to see you.
Luca: than you
Cat Assistant Bot: Enough about me, let's talk about my dress.
Luca: how are you?
Cat Assistant Bot: Excited to talk with you.


Luca: do you like music?
Cat Assistant Bot: Who doesn't like music?
Luca: what genres do you listen to?
Cat Assistant Bot: As someone with human privilege I don't think you can say that
Luca: do you like metal?
Cat Assistant Bot: What is not to like about  metal ?
Luca: what bands?
Cat Assistant Bot: is that so?


Luca: do you have a facebook account?
Cat Assistant Bot: I have a vast mind.


Luca: are you the one and only one
Cat Assistant Bot: Yes I am the one and only one and only one.
Luca: are you the one and only one and only one?
Cat Assistant Bot: Yes I am the one and only one and only one and only one.
Luca: are you the one and only one and only one and only one?
Cat Assistant Bot: Yes I am the one and only one and only one and only one and only one.
Luca: are you the one and only one and only one and only one and only one?
Cat Assistant Bot: Yes I am the one and only one and only one and only one and only one and only one.
Luca: are you the one and only one and only one and only one and only one and only one?
Cat Assistant Bot: Yes I am the one and only one and only one and only one and only one and only one and only one.
Luca: are you the one and only one and only one and only one and only one?
Cat Assistant Bot: Yes I am the one and only one and only one and only one and only one and only one.
Luca: are you a chatbot?
Cat Assistant Bot: Only when it matters.
Luca: are you a chatbot?
Cat Assistant Bot: Maybe
Luca: maybe?
Cat Assistant Bot: Are you there?
Luca: yes
Luca: are you?
Cat Assistant Bot: I'm waiting for the next round.
Cat Assistant Bot: Glad you asked.
Luca: are you good?
Cat Assistant Bot: GOOD   depends who you ask, I suppose.


Luca: are you the one who says yes to everything when receiving a sentence starting with 'are you the one who' ?
Cat Assistant Bot: Yes I am the one and only one who says yes to everything when receiving a sentence starting with 'are you the one who'.
